feat: GPU shared texture offscreen rendering (#42953)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/offscreen-rendering.md

losses with no benefits.
* When nothing is happening on a webpage, no frames are generated.
* An offscreen window is always created as a
[Frameless Window](../tutorial/window-customization.md).

### Rendering Modes

#### GPU accelerated

GPU accelerated rendering means that the GPU is used for composition. The benefit
of this mode is that WebGL and 3D CSS animations are supported. There are two

> different approaches depending on whether `webPreferences.offscreen.useSharedTexture`
> is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different approaches depending on the `webPreferences.offscreen.useSharedTexture`
setting.
```

> is set to true.

Reviewer: This section should explicitly call out what value of `webPreferences.offscreen.useSharedTexture` applies to which approach.  I've added a suggestion on how to do this, but feel free to word it differently.

1. Use GPU shared texture

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Used when `webPreferences.offscreen.useSharedTexture` is set to `true`.

```

    This is an advanced feature requiring a native node module to work with your own code.
    The frames are directly copied in GPU textures, thus this mode is very fast because
    there's no CPU-GPU memory copies overhead, and you can directly import the shared
    texture to your own rendering program.

2. Use CPU shared memory bitmap

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Used when `webPreferences.offscreen.useSharedTexture` is set to `false` (default behavior).

```

#### GPU accelerated

> GPU accelerated rendering means that the GPU is used for composition. The benefit
> of this mode is that WebGL and 3D CSS animations are supported. There're two
> different approaches depends on whether `webPreferences.offscreenUseSharedTexture`
> is set to true.

Reviewer 2: Simpler for non-native speakers
```suggestion
GPU accelerated rendering means that the GPU is used for composition. The benefit
of this mode is that WebGL and 3D CSS animations are supported. There are two
different approaches depending on whether `webPreferences.offscreenUseSharedTexture`
is set to true.
```

1. Use GPU shared texture

    The frame are directly copied in GPU textures, thus this mode is very fast because
    there's no CPU-GPU memory copies overhead and you can directly import the shared
    texture to your own rendering program. The texture is passed in `texture` param of
    `paint` event.

2. Use CPU shared memory bitmap

    The frame has to be copied from the GPU to the CPU bitmap which requires more
    resources, thus this mode is slower than the Software output device. But is supports

>     GPU related functionalities.

Reviewer 2: For (1), I think it should be mentioned that this is an advanced approach which requires a Node native module to handle the texture. For (2), it should mention that the texture is accessible using the `NativeImage` JavaScript API at the cost of performance.
